Restructuring and rewording composite databases (#629)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/composite-databases/index.adoc

[role=enterprise-edition]
[[composite-databases]]
= Composite databases
:description: An introduction to Composite databases.

[[composite-databases-introduction]]
== Introduction

A Composite database is a special type of database introduced in Neo4j 5.

> It supersedes the implementation of the previous Fabric in Neo4j 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It supersedes the previous Fabric implementation in Neo4j 4.
```

> Fabric as a concept describes how different parts of a domain (graph data and computing resources), which can be in the same or multiple Neo4j DBMSs, can work as a unified system with a single access point.

Reviewer: This sentence is complicated - can it be simplified?

Author: Thank you so much, @tobias-johansson, for the review. Could you take a second look? I tried to explain it in a different way.

Composite databases are the means to access this partitioned data or graphs with a single Cypher query.

Composite databases *do not store data* independently.

> They use _database aliases_, which can be local, remote, or sharded.

Reviewer: What is "sharded" supposed to mean here? There are only two kinds of aliases atm

| Sharding an existing database
2+| With the help of the `neo4j-admin copy` command.

| Security credentials
| Composite databases use the same user credentials as the database aliases.
| The Neo4j DBMSs that host the same Fabric virtual database must have the same user credentials. Any change of password on a machine that is part of Fabric must be kept in sync and applied to all the Neo4j DBMSs that are part of Fabric.

| Database management
2+| Does not support database management. Any database management commands, index and constraint management commands, or user and security management commands must be issued directly to the DBMSs and databases, not the Composite databases.

| Transactions
2+| Only transactions with queries that read from multiple graphs, or read from multiple graphs and write to a single graph, are allowed.

| Neo4j embedded
2+| Not available when Neo4j is used as an embedded database in Java applications. It can be used only in a typical client/server mode when users connect to a Neo4j DBMS from their client application or tool via Bolt or HTTP protocol.
|===

== Concepts

> The main concepts that one needs to understand when working with data using Composite databases are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main concepts that are relevant to understand when working with composite databases are:
```
